Administrative Department

Prof. Victor Gambhir
Designation – President

Department – Administrative Department

Qualification – M.E., Ph.D.

Email – president@jecrcu.edu.in

Contact – 9992641958


Mr. S.L. Agrawal
Designation – Registrar

Department – Administrative Department

Qualification – LL.B, CAIIB.

Email – registrar@jecrcu.edu.in

Contact – 9829017763


Prof. (Dr.) Ram Rattan
Designation – Pro-President & Head, RIPN

Department – Administrative Department

Qualification – M.Tech. from IIT Delhi and Ph.D. from IIT Delhi

Email – propresident@jecrcu.edu.in

Contact – 9887731212

Research Area – Space Technology

Publication – National Journal : 06, International Journal : 20


Prof. (Dr.) D.P. Mishra
Designation – Senior Academic Advisor

Department – Administrative Department

Qualification- Ph.D in Chemical Engineering from I I T, Bombay M.Tech in Chemical Engineering from B I T S, Pilani B.Tech in Chemical Engineering from B I T, Sindri

Email –professor.emeritus@jecrcu.edu.in

Contact – 9982682492

SHRI. O. P AGRAWAL
Chairperson

Shri O P Agarwal is the Chairman of JECRC University, Jaipur. He also serves as Chairman of National Society for Engineering Research and Development. He is commerce and law graduate as well as a fellow Chartered Accountant. Recently Shri O.P.Agrawal was nominated by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India to be a member of the Board of Governors of the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA). Shri O.P.Agrawal is the first Chartered Accountant from Rajasthan to be honored with this prestigious membership. He is an educationist, chartered accountant and philanthropist. His perseverance, dedication to work and the guidance and the commitment towards quality delivery has enabled for creation of many centre’s of excellence including some of the highly recognized institutions like JECRC University, JECRC, JECRC UDML College of Engineering and Therachem. 

Read More
He is former President of Rajasthan Tax consultant Association as well as former Vice Chairman of All India federation of tax practioners. He also member of Direct Tax Advisory Committee, CBDT, New Delhi and various standing committee of taxation and auditing . He is panel speaker at the Institute of Chartered Accountant of India, Rajasthan Tax Consultant Association, Tax Consultant Association, FORTI and CII.


PROF. VICTOR GAMBHIR
President

Prof. Victor Gambhir holds Bachelor & Master Degree in Mechanical Engineering from reputed Institutions like Thapar Institute of Engineering & Technology, Patiala & Punjab Engineering College, Chandigarh respectively and PhD in Quality in Engineering Education. He has 40 years of experience with 4 years in industry and 36 years in Education. He has worked as Vice Chancellor of SGT University, Gurugram, Vice Chancellor of Maharishi Markandeshwar (Deemed to be University), Mullana-Ambala for 3.6 years and Pro Vice-Chancellor & Director-Planning at Manav Rachna International Institute of Studies & Research, Deemed University at Faridabad for 8 years.

Read More
As Joint Director, Technical Education Department, Government of Haryana, he was instrumental in executing two World Bank Projects for Development of Technician Education in Haryana (as Head State Project Implementation Unit) and Technical Education Quality Improvement Program for Technical Educational Institutions in Haryana (as Head State Project Facilitation Unit) at a cumulative cost of Rs. 260 Crore. He was heading the Secretariat of Haryana State Fee and Admission Committee.


Members
Shri M L Sharma is a retired IRS officer. While serving in the department, he has been rewarded thrice by the Government of India for best recovery and best disposal of cases. He believes in service of mankind and is associated with many charitable organizations such as old age home, charitable dispensaries and Rotary Club. His expertise in dealing with human resources is greatly acknowledged. He strongly feels that the educational institutions should provide ample and be facilitator to knowledge seekers.He is looked upon by the students of JECRC University as a mentor, philosopher and guide.
SHRI. M.L. SHARMA

Shri Amit Agrawal an eminent educationist, thinker and a dedicated social worker, is a man of great vision who is totally committed to the development of technical education and the cause of raising the qualities of life for the betterment of tomorrow. Shri Amit is a man who is highly proud of time tested ethos and culture, having his own ideas of social development. He has his own convictions and capacity to judge each issue and the grid to stand by his principles at any cost, uphold truth and morality. One unique feature of Mr. Amit is total absence of egotism and vanity. He is always easily accessible, unassuming, open to new ideas and he makes a profound impact on any individual group or mass of people who happened to come in contact with him.
SHRI. AMIT AGRAWAL
Shri Arpit Agrawal is a charismatic mentor and coach who takes the leadership position. Shri Arpit Agrawal is a rare combination of a leader and as an executor. His association and net work with the students community is the quality to be admired. His devotion to work and his involvement to the core is something to be inculcated in once working. His passion for education and the necessity towards mankind has always pushed him in devoting his time and energy in understanding the perspectives and providing quality education. Shri Arpit Agrawal is an avid lifelong learner and is passionate and the guiding force in building the University.
SHRI. ARPIT AGRAWAL
Suresh N. Gupta obtained his B.E. (Distinction) in Electrical Communication Engineering, M.E. (Distn) in Electronics and Ph.D. degrees from the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. Immediately afterwards, he joined the department of Electrical Engineering at Indian Institute of Technology Delhi as a Lecturer where, in due course of time, had risen to the post of a Professor. He served this institute for 33 years during which he had had one three-year term as the Head of the Department of Electrical Engineering. While at the IITD, Prof. Gupta had taught at both U.G. and P.G. levels and had also supervised doctoral work in addition to carrying out his own R&D work.
DR. S.N. GUPTA
Shri S L Agrawal has vast experience in banking sector and has worked in UCO Bank, RBI and NABARD. He has rich experience in front line banking, central banking and development banking. After having served for a period of 36 years he took voluntary retirement from NABARD as senior AGM. Now, he is deeply devoted to education management and has obtained expertise in regulatory matters.His qualification is B.Com, LL.B, CAIIB, Acharya (Vaastu).
SHRI. S.L. AGRAWAL
Dr. Vivek Anand a BITS Pilani Alumnus, B.E.(Hons), M.E. and Ph.D. in Civil Engineering heads the Department of Civil Engineering in JECRC University, Jaipur. With 34 years industrial, academic and administrative experience including 13 years international experience in government and private institutions and organizations, Dr. Vivek is an excellent administrator and has good coordinating experience with government, autonomous and private bodies. Able to teach multi discipline subjects at master and doctorate level; good experience in dealing with NAAC, ABET, NIRF, AICTE, UGC, PCI & State Universities and well versed with FIDIC and very comfortable in implementing the New Education Policy (NEP).
DR. VIVEK ANAND
O P Agrawal is former Chairman & Managing Director of National Textiles Corporation (South Maharashtra), a Government of India Undertaking. He has also been Managing Director of NTC Subsidiaries based at Maharashtra North, Gujarat, West Bengal, Bihar, Orissa and Assam. Mr Agrawal has been on Governing Council of Bombay Mill Owners Association; Textile Association of India, BTRA and on Board of several Companies.Mr Agrawal is currently CEO of leading private sector real estate developer having projects in Gujarat and Southern India. In past, he has been associated with Textiles, Agriculture, Power generation and Infrastructure sector.
SHRI. O. P AGRAWAL
Prof. (Dr.) Naveen Hemrajani, BE, M.Tech., Ph.D., Computer Science & Engineering, has more than 28 years of Teaching and Research Experience. He has been Principal of a reputed Engineering College for four years. He played active role in establishing CSI Jaipur Chapter and is former Chairman of Computer Society of India (Jaipur Chapter). His Research Topic for Ph.D. was Admission Control for Video Transmission over IP Networks. He has expertise in Network Security, MANET, Software Engineering, Cloud Computing, Machine learning and Data Science. He has been very instrumental in getting Collaborations done with the Industry. Dr. Naveen Hemrajani is an excellent administrator. He has good experience in coordinating with AICTE, NBA, NIRF, UGC and is well versed with all the policies.
DR. NAVEEN HEMRAJANI
Commissioner - College Education
Minutes of Meeting of BOM
JU Advisory Board

Dr. Malcolm Portera
Former Chancellor

University of Alabama Systems, USA

Read More
 

Dr. Malcolm Portera, who has been chancellor for 10 years in University of Alabama System is a highly distinguished academic administrator and an inspirational figure, Dr. Malcolm Portera was responsible for helping in the development of several nationally recognised research and instructional programmes at the University of Alabama System. Before assuming his duties as Chancellor, he served as the 16th President of Mississippi State University from January 1998 to December 2001. He serves as on several corporate boards and economic development agencies, including those of the Public Affairs Research Council of Alabama, the Metropolitan Development Board, Operation New Birmingham, the Alabama Technology Network, Alabama Workforce Investment Board, Southern Research Institute Inc., Mississippi Power Company, Furniture Brands International, Inc. and UAB Health System and Regional Technology Strategies, Inc., of Chapel Hill, N.C., among other positions. Dr. Portera holds a doctorate in Political Science from the University of Alabama. He received his bachelor’s degree in general science in 1969 and a master’s degree in political science in 1971 from Mississippi State University.


Prof. Bharat Soni
Chairman
Department of Mechanical Engineering, 
University of Alabama Systems, USA

Read more
Dr. Bharat Soni, is currently serving as Chairman and Professor; Department of Mechanical Engineering; University of Alabama at Birmingham. He is internationally recognized for his contributions to computer modeling and simulation. Dr. Soni leads the Department of Mechanical Engineering in teaching, research and development, service/outreach and technology transfer activities. Dr. Soni’s group at UAB has a long history of contributions in cross-disciplinary research and education in high fidelity computational simulations and associated enabling technologies (nD visualization, virtual reality, image processing, and high performance computing). The strategic research focus is to build on these technologies to address 21st Century engineering grand challenges: Advance Personalized Learning, Engineer the Tools of Scientific Discovery, Enhance Virtual Reality, and Develop Carbon Sequestration Methods covering a wide-spectrum of disciplines including aerospace, automotive, homeland security, energy and environment, healthcare, biomechanics, and biomedical and medical science. Dr. Soni has led the establishment of the VisCube environment which provides an immersive an immersive three-dimensional and virtual reality experience.


Dr. Krishna Vedula
Dean Emeritus

University of Massachusetts Lowell
Co-founder & Executive Director, 
Indo-US Collaboration in Engineering Education (IUCEE)

Read More
Dr. Krishna Vedula serves as Professor of Chemical Engineering, Dean Emeritus, Francis College of Engineering, University of Massachusetts Lowell. He is well recognized globally for his contributions to engineering education, research, administration and outreach. He is internationally recognized for his research in processing and properties of materials for high temperature applications, with particular emphasis on powder processing and intermetallic compounds and environmental effects. He has more than 50 publications in reputed journals. He is Founder and Executive Chair of “Massachusetts STEM (Science Technology Engineering and Mathematics) Collaborative” aimed at increasing the number of youth interested in science and engineering careers in MA. Dr. Vedula has B.Tech (IIT Bombay, India, 1967), M.S. (Drexel University, 1969) and Ph.D.(Michigan Tech University, 1980) degrees in Materials/Metallurgical Engineering. He has 25 years academic teaching and research experience in materials science and engineering, including 10 years as a faculty member at Case Western Reserve University, 5 years as chair of the materials science and engineering department at Iowa State University and 8 years as dean of an engineering college at UMass Lowell. In addition he has spent 2 years managing federal research and educational programs.


Nobel laureate Mr. Kailash Satyarthi
Human Rights Activist
Chairman, Bachpan Bachao Andolan

Read More
Mr. Kailash Satyarthi (born on January 11, 1954) is a human rights activist who has been at the forefront of the global movement to end child slavery and exploitative child labor since 1980 when he gave up a lucrative career as an Electrical Engineer for initiating crusade against Child Servitude. As a grassroots activist, he has led the rescue of over 78,500 child slaves and developed a successful model for their education and rehabilitation. As a worldwide campaigner, he has been the architect of the single largest civil society network for the most exploited children, the Global March Against Child Labor,which is a worldwide coalition of NGOs, Teachers’ Union and Trade Unions. Mr. Satyarthi is a member of a High Level Group formed by UNESCO on Education for All comprising of select Presidents, Prime Ministers and UN Agency Heads. As one of the rare civil society leaders he has addressed the United Nations General Assembly, International Labour Conference, UN Human Rights Commission, UNESCO, etc and has been invited to several Parliamentary Hearings and Committees in USA, Germany and UK in the recent past. He is on the Board and Committee of several International Organizations. Amongst all the prominent ones being in the Center for Victims of Torture (USA), International Labor Rights Fund (USA), etc. Mr. Satyarthi is an executive Board Member of International Cocoa Foundation with the Headquarters in Geneva representing the global civil society.


Prof. B M Naik
Former Principal
Guru Govind Singh Engineering College, Nanded

Read more
Prof. B M Naik, is the former Principal, Guru Govind Singh Engineering College, Nanded. He took over as first full-time Principal in 1983. He has been pioneer in shaping the institute.  Since then under his leadership the institute has grown leaps and bounds.


Padmashree Dr. A. S. Kiran Kumar
Ex. Chairman, ISRO.


Mr. Amit Chatarjee
Managing Director, American Society for Quality India


Dr. Devi Singh
Former Director IIM, Lucknow & MDI, Gurgaon, VC, Flame University, Pune


Dr. I. K. Bhatt
Ex. Director, MNIT, Jaipur


Dr. P. S. V. Nataraj
Professor of Systems & Control Engg.,
IIT, Mumbai

Dr. R. P. Singh
Secretary General, Quality Council of India


Dr. Rakesh Sharma
IFS, Additional Chief Conservator of Forests, HP, Registrar, IIT, Delhi


Dr. Sunil Pandey
Director, Sant  Longowal Institute of Engg. & Tech., Sangrur, Punjab


Mr. V. Ramaswami
Global Head – Small & Medium, Tata Consultancy Services


Padmashree Dr. P. S. Goyal
Ex. Secretary, Ministry of Earth Sciences, Government of India
