Eligibility
Pass in Senior Secondary Examination (10+2) with minimum 60% marks in aggregate in all subjects with pass in English, Physics & Mathematics & one subject out of Chemistry, Biology, Biotechnology and Technical vocational subject from a recognised Board of School Education or equivalent.

Note: Relaxation of 5% marks in minimum eligibility criteria shall be given to the candidate who belongs to SC/ ST/ Rajasthan state OBC Non-creamy layer / women category.

*Preference shall be given who have valid Score in JEE (Main) for Btech students. 

Only one Scholarship shall be given from S. No. 1 to 4 above whichever is higher. Candidates shall be required to pay other fees as applicable for the Programme concerned. Such students shall be required to maintain a minimum CGPA (SGPA in 1st semester) of 8.0 in the first and subsequent semesters without having any compartment in any subject and a minimum of 75% attendance in each subject, failing which the Scholarships awarded shall be withdrawn. The review of the Scholarship shall be conducted at the end of even semester every year.

If Scholarship of an admitted student has been withdrawn due to non-compliance of the minimum requirement as above, the same may be restored after the review at the end of next even semester, provided the student meets the minimum maintenance criteria of 8.0 CGPA and 75% attendance in each course during the review period.

It must be noted that no relaxation in terms of minimum Scholarship maintenance criteria shall be granted. For example if a student gets CGPA of 7.99 or lower or attendance in any of the subjects equal to or less than 75% shall loose the Scholarship. Even if a student has been allowed to appear in term end examination by relaxing the attendance of minimum 75% in a particular course, she/ he shall not be allowed to get the benefit of continuation of scholarship.

Other Conditions:

Candidates who are availing any kind of financial assistance from Government or any other private organizations for educational support are not entitled for JECRC University Scholarship. The University can discontinue the Scholarship scheme at its own discretion. The final decision of awarding of Scholarship will be taken by the appropriate bodies of the University.
Minimum 60% Marks in 10+2 examination from CBSE or equivalent.
 
Note: Relaxation of 5% marks in minimum eligibility criteria shall be given to the candidate who belongs to SC/ ST/ Rajasthan state OBC Non-creamy layer / women category.
Scholarship
S.No.

Type of  Scholarship/ Free ship

Scholarship Criteria

Eligible Degree Programmes

Amount as percentage of Tuition Fee

1

Merit Scholarship

70% to 84.99% Aggregate Marks  in 10+2 Exam

All UG Programme

15%

2

Merit Scholarship

85% and Above

Aggregate Marks in 10+2 Exam

All UG Programme

25%

3

Additional Scholarship on the basis of NCC ‘A’ Certificate/ Alumni/ Sibling/ JU Employee/ Single Mother/ Single Girl Child/ War Widow/ Father from Ex-Services/ Para- Military Forces Killed in action/ Sports Medalist at minimum State level Tournament conducted by Federation Recognized by Indian Olympic Association

 (Any one Scholarship shall be given only One time)

All Programme

10%

To Continue Scholarship, it will be mandatory to Score Minimum 8.0 CGPA and 75% Attendance in all courses (Theory/ Lab/ Project/ Seminar etc. in the previous Academic Year in both the Semesters), No Compartment in any semester.
Apart from CGPA and Attendance Requirement for continuation of Scholarship from Second Year onwards, the Scholarship shall be withdrawn if a student is found involved in act(s) of indiscipline; found guilty and given punishment including written warning. In such a case, the withdrawn Scholarship shall not be restored even if the student meets CGPA and Attendance Requirement in future.  
Candidates shall be required to pay other fees as applicable for the Programme concerned. Such students shall be required to maintain a minimum CGPA (SGPA in 1st semester) of 8.0 in the first and subsequent semesters without having any compartment in any subject and a minimum of 75% attendance in each subject, failing which the Scholarships awarded shall be withdrawn. The review of the Scholarship shall be conducted at the end of even semester every year.

If Scholarship of an admitted student has been withdrawn due to non-compliance of the minimum requirement as above, the same may be restored after the review at the end of next even semester, provided the student meets the minimum maintenance criteria of 8.0 CGPA and 75% attendance in each course during the review period.

It must be noted that no relaxation in terms of minimum Scholarship maintenance criteria shall be granted. For example if a student gets CGPA of 7.99 or lower or attendance in any of the subjects equal to or less than 75% shall loose the Scholarship. Even if a student has been allowed to appear in term end examination by relaxing the attendance of minimum 75% in a particular course, she/ he shall not be allowed to get the benefit of continuation of scholarship.

Other Conditions:

Candidates who are availing any kind of financial assistance from Government or any other private organizations for educational support are not entitled for JECRC University Scholarship. The University can discontinue the Scholarship scheme at its own discretion. The final decision of awarding of Scholarship will be taken by the appropriate bodies of the University.