
Menu

Life at JU:

RHYTHM- Techno Business Cultural Fest @ JU
Rhythm is JECRC University’s flagship techno-business-cultural festival, bringing together talent, creativity, and innovation on a grand stage. As one of North india’s biggest college fests, it ottracts 25,000+ attendees and offers 50+ electrifying events across technology. business, music, arts, and sports edition features thrilling competitions, immersive experienc unforgettable performances.

This annual extravaganza showcases unforgettable performances, thrilling competitions, Industry-leading innovations, and immersive experiences, making it the most anticipated event on campus

Stor-Studded Performances: Live concerts by top artists and international Ds, setting the stage on fire
Cultural Extravaganza: A blend of dance music, fashion shows, and theatrical performances.

Tech & Business Competitions Hackathons case study challe allenges, and startup pitch battles for the brightest minds

Networking & Engagement: Interactive sessions with industry experts, entrepreneurs, and creative professionals

Wonder of Words (WoW)- 2023, The Literary Extravaganza
JECRC University organized the 11th Edition of Wonder of Words (WoW’23), one of the biggest, illustrious, and exhilarating literary fests of Jaipur on 19th Jan. – 23rd Jan. 2023. The event saw some of the most eminent and renowned personalities from the fields of literature, art, music, films and entertainment from across the world with the motive of sharing their life experiences and interacting with the young minds.The University is overwhelmed with the presence of Mr. Javed Akhtar, the iconic poet, lyricist and  screenwriter; Mr. Ikram Rajasthani, a renowned Rajasthani musical artist; Ms. Veena Chauhan, former president of Rajasthan Lekhika Sahitya Sansthan; Mr. Chandan Kumar Jangid, a theater artist and an alumnus of the JECRC University; Ms. Manisha Kulshreshtha, an acclaimed Hindi novelist; Mr. Lokesh Kumar Singh ‘Sahil’, an established  poet and shayar; Ms.  Rati Saxena, a distinguished poet and Mr. Indrajit Roy Chowdhary, a celebrious Sitarist who shared the pearls of wisdom with our students.

Talents like them whetted the literary appetite of our students and inspired and motivated our budding writers and keen readers with their literary thoughts by giving them a sense of belongingness. The  Wonder of Words 2023 ended on a Shayraana note with ‘Jashn-e-Alfaz’ wherein poets and Shayars from all over the country mesmerized the youth with their talent and skills.

wow3
5
JU- Cultural Clubs & Technical Communities​
Students are encouraged to develop their extracurricular activities through these Clubs. The aim is to build their interests. The University recognizes the importance of nurturing the talent and provides the resources and acts as a catalyst for the same.

 

Residential life in JU hostels combines living and learning, both intricately linked with each other. Thoughtfully designed and managed, they provide the perfect setting for the academic pursuits.
Know to more about (JU-Cultural Clubs & Technical Communities) :- http://jecrcuniversity.edu.in/technical-clubs
About JU | JECRC Incubation Centre (JIC) | Coding Eco System @ JU | Life @ JU | Cultural Clubs & Technical Communities | Career@ JU | Scholarship | Downloads | Anti Ragging | NIRF 2024 | Testimonials | Research@ JU | Helpline  | Tender


JECRC University Campus: Plot No.IS-2036 to 2039, Ramchandrapura Industrial Area, Vidhani, Sitapura Extension, Jaipur – 303905 Rajasthan, India

Disclaimer

Private University Estd. Under 2 (F) and 12(B) of UGC Act 1956.

[elfsight_whatsapp_chat id="2"]
Quick Links
Life at JU
Contact Us
Blogs & Articles
Research@ JU
Public Self-Disclosure
Off Campus Application to UGC
Information
About
JU Initiatives
Life at JU
Top Universities in India |  Top engineering colleges in Rajasthan | Jaipur Engineering Colleges | Top 10 Engineering Colleges in India | Top MBA colleges in India | Courses | Top M.Tech Colleges in India | University in Rajasthan

Facebook Linkedin Youtube Instagram X-twitter
Copyright © 2026 JECRC. All rights reserved.

Designed by Betasaurus

Disclaimer
Contact Us
Menu
Students

Living in Campus​
University has apartment style -three private single occupancy rooms with wardrobe, study table with chair open into a common living room equipped with a television set (Optional in AC Rooms only) and the rooms are WIFI enabled.


 


Recreational Facilities
The University has provided for sports enthusiasts a well equipped Gymnasium, Football ground, Basket Ball court, Volley ball court, Badminton court and indoor facility for Table tennis.  The University is member of Association of Indian Universities and its teams participate in various national and international tournaments.

Read More

Students Clubs & Other Activities
Students are encouraged to participate in co-curricular and extracurricular activities through these clubs and societies. The University recognizes the importance of nurturing the talent and provides the resources and acts as a catalyst for the same.

Read More

Techno-Cultural Clubs ​
 

Students are encouraged to develop their extracurricular activities through these Clubs. The aim is to build their interests. The University recognizes the importance of nurturing the talent and provides the resources and acts as a catalyst for the same.

Read More

Facilities at Campus ​
The double storied Students’ Mess next to the hostel complex offers excellent multi-cuisine food to the campus residents. The centrally air-conditioned dining area is supported by Kitchen, Mess and cafeteria. The complex also houses convenience stores to meet the daily needs of the residents. The residential facility is comfortable enough to ensure that students don’t feel that they are away from home.


Student Chapter of Professional Bodies
American Society for Mechanical Engineers (ASME)
ISACE
Institution of Electrical & Electronics Engineers (IEEE)
Indian Society for Technical Education (ISTE)
American Society for Quality (ASQ)
Computer Society of India (CSI)
American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers (ASHRAE)
Institute of Engineers (India)– (IEI)
Association of Computing Machinery (ACM)
Society of Automobile  Engineers (SAE)