Where is the University located ?
It is located at Plot No. IS-2036 TO 2039, Ramchandrapura Industrial Area, Vidhani, Sitapura Extension, Jaipur-303905. The JECRC University campus is located in Sitapura which is within 25-30 minutes drive from the heart of the city. Sitapura has now become the Educational hub of Jaipur with maximum number of students studying and living here. Interestingly, it is also a place where most of the industries like Gems and Jewellery, Textiles, IT parks, etc. are present.

Who are the promoters of the University ?
JECRC Foundation is recognized as one of the leading and most preferred higher educational groups in North India. JECRC University offering excellent education in School of Engineering & Technology, School of Computer Applications, School of Business Studies, School of Hospitality & Hotel Management, School of Mass Communication, School of Sciences, School of Law, School of Design, School of Humanities & Social Sciences, School of Allied Health Sciences and Ph.D. (Doctoral Programme). List of institutions under JECRC foundation:

JECRC University, Jaipur
Jaipur Engineering College & Research Centre (JECRC), Jaipur
Is it accessible by public transport ?
Yes, Public Transport Buses are available through out Jaipur
Does the University have its own transport facility ?
The University has its own fleet of vehicles for transportation and is on payment basis.

What are the University transportation charges ?
The University transportation cost for the Academic Year 2026-27 shall be Rs. 55,000/- (Rs. 33,000/- at the time of Admission and Rs. 22,000/- in the Second Semester) per annum.
Is there Hostel facility ?
Yes, separate hostels are available for Boys and Girls. The housing facilities for the students at the campus have been very uniquely designed giving them individual rooms with a common living room shared for three members. Air-Conditioned/ Non Air-Conditioned apartment style housing with a common living room, free internet facility which makes it a complete, comfortable housing unit.

What are the Hostel Charges ?
Room Category

Per Annum Fee

One time non refundable registration fee

1st installment at the time of admission

 (with registration fee)

2nd Installment

Air Conditioned Room (Single Occupancy) Three Seated

1,72,000/-

5,000/-

1,08,000/-

69,000/-

Non-Air Conditioned Room (Single Occupancy) Four Seated

1,27,000/-

5,000/-

81,000/-

51,000/-

Note:

Hostels will be allotted for only two years OR four semesters for all UG programmes.
The fee shall be suitably revised in subsequent years.
One-time registration fee of Rs. 5000/- (Non-Refundable) at the time of admission in the hostel for the first time.
Hostel Facility will be given only when a seat is available.
Fee is being charged for 10 months only. A separate fee shall be payable if students avail hostel in the summer semester.
A hostel facility is provided for the whole Year consisting of two continuous semesters. A student availing Hostel Facility at the beginning of the
Academic Year shall give an undertaking that she/ he will continue to avail of the Hostel Facility for the whole Academic Year and pay a second installment also even if she/ he stops using the Hostel Facility in the Even Semester. It is also made clear that no refund of the Hostel Fee once paid shall be made in any circumstances.
Gymnasium fee: Rs. 1000/- Per Semester Non-Refundable (Only for Hostellers if availed.)
GST shall be charged extra as applicable.
If the hostel operations are suspended temporarily due to any reason beyond the control of the University authorities, the hostel fee will not be refunded. Example : Covid-19, any pandemic, curfew, acquisition of the Hostel by the Government Authorities, etc.,
Both installments shall be payable with academic fees as per specified cutoff dates.
Will Campus placement be organized ?
The Foundation has set an exemplary record in placements with its students being chosen in record numbers by industry leaders, year after year. The focused approach of JECRC Campuses towards persistent and multidimensional grooming of student’s in-line with the industry expectations has led to a sharp increase in the number of placement offers resulting in its students getting 2000+ offers consistently since the last Five years with increasing average salary packages.

JECRC Foundation has achieved a new height in its excellent track record of placements by getting 2000+ offers every year. Many reputable publications have rated it among the “Engineering colleges with best Placements in India” due to its students’ consistent performance in placement drives/ recruiting drives by prestigious firms. Every Year JECRC Foundation receives top-notch companies exclusively for recruiting its students.
What are the activities for over all development of student ?
Over all development will be transfused through curricular and extracurricular activities including expert talks, industry visits, personality development, communication skills, various cultural functions and sports.

Is the library well stocked and equipped ?
Yes, a huge, well stocked JU Central Library is available and is designed with excellent learning resource both with text books, reference books, magazines, journals and also with access to online journals.

Are your degree programs recognized by the Govt., Public and Private sectors ?
Yes. The University has been established with due approval of the State Government.
How will the JECRC University courses compare with other Govt. and Pvt. University Courses ?
In JECRC we are committed to pursue the recommended courses and syllabi of RTU. In our University, we have improved upon the course structure and syllabi .The courses have been devised looking into the present market requirements after due deliberations with experts from industries.

We plan to prepare students as per the global requirements. The students will not only be able to pursue higher studies in foreign universities but also join their program in midstream. In this sense, our program will compare very well with other Universities and will compete with RTU and other universities.
Is Gymnasium facility is available at JECRC University ?
Yes, Gymnasium facility is available at JECRC University. Gymnasium Fee: Rs. 1000/- Per Semester (Optional, Only for Hostellers).
3D Rendering of the Hostel Rooms.
The Housing facilities for the students at the campus have been very uniquely designed giving them individual rooms with a common living room shared for three/ four members. Air-Conditioned/ Non Air-Conditioned apartment style housing with a common living room equipped with Dish TV (Causion deposit applicable), free internet facility which makes it a complete, comfortable housing unit.



3D Rendering of the Hostel Rooms.